# Reviewer 1

# q1

The main concept of the paper is semantic "footprint", however, in general thoughts, footprints typically denotes a unique mark of an individual object rather than a specific region. The primary function of "footprint" in this paper is to summarize the semantic information. Is there any other term that could more appropriately convey the intended meaning?

# a1

This is an interesting comment and something we have considered in detail. From our perspective, we wanted to use terminology that conveyed the sense of unique semantic attributes associated with locations and regions, which we believe the term 'semantic footprint' achieves. The 'footprint' terminology associates our work with similar concepts like 'digital footprints', where individuals leave digital traces online. In this sense, semantic footprints relate to digital footprints as a subset of this data, captured through geographically related semantic information through online communications.

We also propose parallels between the 'semantic' footprint of locations or regions with their 'physical' geographic footprint. While semantic footprints associate with geographic information in a less direct sense, they do appear to share similar properties with physical geographic footprints. For example semantic footprints across Scotland are typically more similar, as are the properties of phyiscal footprints.

We have added clarification and a reference relating our terminology to 'digital footprints' in our first mention of 'semantic footprints'.

# q2

There are only examples of embeddings of LADs while no specific instance of semantic footprint generated from LLM. This makes it difficult for the audience to comprehend the form of these footprints.

# a2

Thank you for this comment. In our paper we consider the semantic footprints to be the collective semantic information relating to locations or regions. We therefore abstract away from the sentence embeddings generated by our LLM as these individually do not capture the sense of a 'footprint'. We agree that this was not made clear in our paper.

To address this query and others, we have now included a process diagram within the methods section. This diagram more clearly details our workflow; from generating semantic embeddings from our comments, aggregation into the semantic footprints of locations, and the final aggregation into semantic footprints of broader regions.

# q3

In section 3.3, the paper mentions that "All comment embeddings associated with LADj are then processed into one dimension by taking the mean..." without an explanation of why the "mean process" is select over other methods, such as taking the maximum or using a fully connected layer to reduce embeddings into one dimension. If necessary, some manipulation experiments may help demonstration of the rationale behind this process.

# a3

We have now reworded this section to emphasise our decision to take the mean across a collection of embeddings. Essentially, the number of comments relating to each LAD in our analysis is variable, meaning they are unable to be directly compared as their associated embeddings are of varying length (i.e. embeddings of dimension 8x768 and 9x768 cannot be compared.). Taking the mean to reduce the dimensionality to 1x768 is a common approach in other tasks, where dimensionality reduction of embeddings is required; for example in topic analysis. This is often known as 'mean-pooling', which we now specifically mention in our paper. For reference, the 'sentence-transformers' library has a section on how mean pooling is used to generate sentence embeddings from a collection of token embeddings: https://www.sbert.net/docs/training/overview.html.

While an additional fully connected layer is often used in other tasks that use neural networks; for example in classification, they are typically only used with annotated training data, where the appropriate representations of these outputs may be learnt by the model. In particular, our embeddings are not flat, and the first numerical value in the 1st dimension is inherently associated with the first numerical value in the nth dimension. Due to this, mean pooling is overall more appropriate, as it preserves this association. Finally, as noted in our paper, we believe that, given the semantic variation between footprints has been preserved for our subsequent analysis, mean-pooling is sufficient.

# q4

In section 3.4, the paper selected agglomerative clustering method to implement the spatial clustering, please explain the main advantages of this clustering method compared to other clustering methods and the reason of determining the number of cluster to be 3.

# a4

Thank you for this comment. We mistakenly suggest in this sentence that we manually chose the number of clusters to be 3 for this analysis. However, the benefit of agglomerative clustering is that we do not need to specify the number of clusters, unlike in k means. We have therefore amended this paragraph to correctly mention that agglomerative clustering was used to automate the number of clusters.

For reference; Using `sklearn` we implement this clustering model using:

```python
clustering_model = AgglomerativeClustering(distance_threshold=0, n_clusters=None)
```

This code automatically chose optimal number of clusters to be 3.

# q5

The expression in Line 255 is incorrect. The example of input text should be changed to "Rob, I'm gonna find you". If the input text is copied from the dataset without any correction, with the grammatical mistakes influence the extraction of semantic footprints?

# a5

Thank you for pointing this out, it was not made clear why we chose this particular comment in our paper.

In this example we select a comment that demonstrates how slang may have influenced the determination of footprints and national associations; in Scotland 'gonnae' is a colloquial spelling of 'gonna'. We have therefore added additional explanation to this sentence.

To confirm that 'gonnae' does indeed appear to be a Scottish expression, we have identified its useage across our corpus:

'gonnae' is mentioned 47 times in total, with 33 mentions with respect to locations in Scotland.

# q6

In Section 4, the results in Figure 1 show that some major urban centers like Cardiff, Glasgow and Edinburgh are distributed into cluster 0, which closely identifies with England. Please explain the potential causes of this phenomenon, similar to the explanation provided for London in Line 287-288..

# a6

This is an excellent point and a mistake on our part to omit this analysis from the original paper. We have restructured this analysis, and added a paragraph that explores this observation.

# q7

The illustration in Section 4.2, Line 341-345 is somewhat confusing. The North West generates the highest overall semantic similarity while these cities have rich and culturally unique identities. This similarity might be closer to that of London due to its own distinctive identities intuitively. Please provide a more in-depth analysis of this result.

# a7

This is correct, we agree that this portion of the analysis does not conform with the observations made in our work. We have therefore removed this remark regarding the cultural distinctiveness of Manchester and Liverpool, given this analysis focusses more broadly on the North West region. While Manchester and Liverpool do likely generate distinct semantic footprints, this framing would make more sense in a localised comparison of the North West region, which is out of the scope of this work. 

# q8

The sentence in Line 364-366 should be moved to the previous paragraph which demonstrates the results of Figure 4 rather than those of Figure 5.

# a8

We have reworded this sentence to make it clear that we are comparing the semantic footprints and their identity strengths.

# q9

Overall, the analysis of the experimental results is not sufficiently thorough. Please incorporate knowledge from diverse fields such as economics, demographics, happiness indices, etc., to conduct a more in-depth analysis and exploration of the results.

# a9

Thank you for this comment, we have considered this suggestion in depth. While a comparison between our footprints and demographic or economic characteristics of these regions could potentially be interesting, we believe a direct analysis is out of the scope of this work.

The semantic footprints themselves do not necessarily capture these traditionally quantified geographic concepts, and instead act as a method for associating more abstract geographic associations, like the shared cultural ensemble of regions, that is captured through language.

While traditional works could consider how the topics discussed in different geographic regions are likely to capture different socio-economic traits, we found that this doesn't necessarily seem to be the case. Most topics across our corpus are geographically homogeneous, discussing common location-specific interests like restaurants, crime, or university. The geographic heterogeneity identified in our work therefore captures the differences in _how_ these topics are discussed, which is much more nuanced, and difficult to tie to traditional geographic knowledge like demographics.

We therefore do not believe there is a clear link between our semantic footprints, and the fields suggested. We instead focus on conceptualising this work with respect to place-related research, and consider how regional identities shape distinct footprints in Scotland, Wales, and London.

We have added clarification to the introduction which highlights that our footprints capture the variation in how topics are discussed, based on their semantic context. Our discussion of the results has also been expanded.

# Reviewer 2

# q1

I felt that the introduction could benefit from a clearer description of how your approach differs. Perhaps textual examples or more specifically explanations could be beneficial.

# a1

We have added clarification to our introduction which highlights how semantic embeddings are able to capture more nuanced information, which is appropriate for our work.


# q2

Grammatically, it sounds be "a LLM" not "an LLM."

# a2

We believe that given LLM is an initialism pronounced /ˌel.elˈem/, beginning with the vowl sound 'e', it is correct to use 'an'.

# q3

Grammatically, is should be "user-submitted comments" not "user submitted comments"

# a3

We have fixed this mistake, along with others that were identified.

# q4

Twitter is now called X. Might be good to use the current name and then in parenthesis specify 'formally known as Twitter'

# a4

This is correct, however the usage figures from this article come before the rebranding of Twitter to X. For clarity we have therefore added a footnote detailing this name change.

# q5

You use the abbreviation TF-IDF without defining it first. Would be best to change first used to "term frequency-inverse document frequency (TF-IDF)"

# a5

We have now added this definition.

# q6

There is no explanation on how you identified all of the place names within the comments, or how you determine if each word is a 'PLACE'. How do you determine that each place, such as a name of a school, restaurant, or business tied with a specific city is also masked as to avoid capturing an association through the mention of such places.

# a6

The geoparsing methods were implemented by another published paper, but we unfortunately cannot share due to anonymity. This sentence will be adjusted following review to include this work: "We use the corpus generated by _anonymised_, which consists of a collection of all Reddit comments taken from each UK related subreddit [@baumgartner2020], with place names identified by a custom transformer-based named entity recognition model^[anonymised link]."

We did however omit detail regarding the masking of place names using 'PLACE', and have added clarity to this section. The original corpus includes text spans (e.g. [start: 10], [end: 14]), which allows place names to be masked accurately. Our masking does mask any place name, meaning restaurants are excluded. We have added clarification to this section.

# q7

211 - "In our analysis of LAD semantic footprints, we found that clusters broadly conformed with larger scale administrative regions." - Do you have any plots or figures to demonstrate this?

# a7

This sentence was incorrectly worded for a methodology section, we have therefore altered it to remove any confusion.

# q8

"mean average" is redundant

# a8

We have removed the word 'average'


# q9

To me, it seems a longer or more specific explanation on Moran's I Analysis could be useful.

# a9

We have now included additional information regarding our Moran's I analysis, when it was introduced in the methodology.

# q10

Figure 2 could be better explained in terms of its importance

# a10

We have now included more detail regarding the Moran's I plot.

# q11

Figure 5 needs to be redone in a manner that better communicates the information in the figure. There is overlap of letters making parts illegible, and some horizontal bars are darker than others.

# a11

The darker bar was intended to highlight the separation between English LADs with Scotland and Wales. This has now been noted in the figure caption.

The label overlap occurs due to similarity in the confidence values. Without changing the figure composition this is unavoidable. We believe that given there are only 4 unique labels, this overlap doesn't cause issues with figure interpretability.

# q12

I think the paper as a whole could strongly benefit from a process diagram somewhere in the methods section

# a12

We have now included a process diagram to demonstrate how we move from comment embeddings to LAD semantic footprints.

# q13

Some of the topics in the Conclusion section seem to be items belong more in the Results Section. Beyond the results of the study, the results section should contain the relationship between results and literature review. However, you placed a lot of this in the Conclusion. These should be moved to their relevant places in the Results Section. The Conclusion should instead focus on the relationship between the study aims/objectives and the outcomes of the study.

# a13

Thank you for this suggestion. We have now moved much of the discussion detail into the appropriate section, and believe this has improved the flow of our paper.
